In October 2016, the Bank of England hosted Future Forum. This event brought together people from different sectors of the community to discuss our role in promoting the good of the people of the United Kingdom in times of uncertainty. The Bank’s Governors spent the morning visiting locations across the Midlands, listening to the views and concerns of local business leaders, technology developers, representatives from the voluntary and education sectors, and the wider public. The Governors then joined together for an afternoon session held at Birmingham Town Hall, where they discussed what they heard and considered actions for the Bank to take forward. The session was attended by over 200 delegates and, via social media, we had 138,000 Twitter impressions, 170 re-tweets and close to 1,400 YouTube views. Feedback was very positive with 80% of attendees reporting that they had a good experience at Future Forum, and close to 70% saying that it had encouraged an open discussion between the Bank and the public. By listening we formed a clear impression of the needs of our key stakeholders and what we could do to help. For instance, we were told that there are gaps in economics and financial education that we could help to fill, and that we need to do more to connect with the public, so we can listen and engage in a dialogue about the economy and our role in it. In response we have put education and outreach at the heart of our new organisational strategy, Vision 2020.

@highlight

In October 2016, the Bank of England hosted Future Forum to discuss their role in promoting the good of the people of the United Kingdom in times of uncertainty. The session was attended by over 200 delegates. they were told that there are gaps in economics and financial education that they could help to fill, and that they need to do more to connect with the public, so they can listen and engage in a dialogue about the economy and their role in it. In response bank have put education and outreach at the heart of their new organisational strategy, Vision 2020.
