Even though the global economy is still expected to recover, the outlook for world growth and trade has continued its downward revision, suggesting that Mexico will likely face a lower external demand than previously anticipated.

Furthermore, the outcome of the U.S. electoral process heightened the risk of the implementation of policies that could hamper foreign trade and foreign investment in Mexico.

Domestically, the forecast for crude oil production was adjusted downwards.

This suggests that GDP growth in Mexico over the following quarters could be lower than estimated in the previous Report.

Still, it should be noted that the central scenario for economic growth presented in this Report assumes that, by and large, trade relations between Mexico and the U.S. will remain sound, and that the adjustment in financial markets will continue to be carried out in a relatively orderly fashion.

Hence, it is forecast that Mexican GDP will grow between 1.8 and 2.3 percent in 2016 (between 1.7 and 2.5 percent in the last Report).

The forecast interval for GDP growth in 2017 is adjusted to a range between 1.5 and 2.5 percent (between 2.0 and 3.0 percent in the previous Report).

Nonetheless, this year and the following one, economic activity is expected to benefit from the continued implementation of structural reforms, as well as from the strengthening of macroeconomic fundamentals, foreseen in light of the announced adjustments in fiscal policy.

For 2018, a more evident recovery of the U.S. industrial activity is anticipated.

In this context, Mexican GDP growth rate for that year is estimated to lie between 2.2 and 3.2 percent.

Note that these forecasts should be taken with caution, as, insofar as there is more available information regarding the economic policies of the incoming U.S. administration, growth previsions may need to be adjusted.

@highlight

mexico will face a lower external demand than previously anticipated .
this suggests gdp growth in mexico could be lower than estimated in the previous report .
it is forecast that mexican gdp will grow between 1.8 and 2.3 percent in 2016 .
the outcome of the u.s. electoral process heightened the risk of policies .