The Mexican economy is one of the most integrated with the global economy, and, in particular, with the U.S.

Its trade and financial integration has offered considerable benefits, allowing to seize increased opportunities of shared trade and production, a wider diversity in terms of sources for financing its growth and a greater development of its financial system.

However, as a consequence, the national economy and financial markets have become more vulnerable to external events.

In this context, during the period covered by this Report, the Mexican economy faced a complex juncture.

Indeed, the outlook for the world economy has become more challenging, as a consequence of the elections in the U.S. and their outcome, among other factors.

The events related to the aforementioned process led to higher volatility in all regional financial markets, strongly affecting the national ones, in light of the relevance represented by the outcome of such process for Mexico.

Thus, asset prices dropped and high volatility was observed.

In particular, the national currency depreciated significantly and interest rates observed increments for all terms.

In this context, the preemptive measures that Banco de México adopted during the year, acting with total flexibility and in line with what the conditions demanded, have prevented headline inflation and its expectations from being affected by the above referred factors.

Thus, despite the challenges implied by the current juncture and its consequences for the exchange rate, the low passthrough of exchange rate fluctuations onto the prices of goods and services has allowed to maintain an environment of low inflation and relatively stable inflation expectations.

The referred low pass-through is precisely one of the fundamental consequences of the conduct of monetary policy, which has focused on anchoring inflation expectations, and on preventing second round effects in view of adjustments in relative prices.

@highlight

Bank of Mexico's trade and financial integration has offered considerable benefits .
the outlook for the world economy is more challenging , as a consequence of the elections .
however , financial markets have become more vulnerable to external events .
the events related to the aforementioned process led to higher volatility in all regional markets .